[Store][Cloudflare] Introduce `StoreFactory` (#2096)
symfony/ai: UPGRADE.md

 * The `endpointUrl` parameter for Typesense `Store` has been removed
 * The `apiKey` parameter for Typesense `Store` has been removed
 * A `StoreFactory` has been introduced for Typesense `Store`
 * Add support for `ScopingHttpClient` in Cloudflare `Store`
 * The `accountId` parameter for Cloudflare `Store` has been removed
 * The `apiKey` parameter for Cloudflare `Store` has been removed
 * The `endpointUrl` parameter for Cloudflare `Store` has been removed

>  * A `StoreFactory` has been introduced for Cloudflare `Store`

Reviewer: For all of those PRs, we please need to limit the impact to the UPGRADE.md to breaking changes and slim it down:

```suggestion
 * The `accountId`, `apiKey`, and `endpointUrl` parameter for Cloudflare `Store` has been removed, use `StoreFactory` instead
```

Author: Yes, just need to add the BC Break tag to allow the new line in the file 😅

Reviewer: yea, experimenting with a new pipeline check - was just commenting too much on markdown files :D

Author: Ah, thanks for this one, was searching the missing entry in my description to trigger it 😓
